Feat: Routing and proxying (#1230)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/traffic-control/proxying.md

  accepts public HTTP (gRPC, WebSocket, etc) traffic from clients and proxies it to your upstream services (`8000` by default).
- [`admin_listen`](/gateway/configuration/#admin-listen), which also defines a list of addresses and ports, but those
  should be restricted to only be accessed by administrators, as they expose
  {{site.base_gateway}}'s configuration capabilities: the Admin API (`8001` by default).
    {:.warning}
    > **Important**: If you need to expose the `admin_listen` port to the internet in a production environment,
    > [secure it with authentication](/api/gateway/admin-ee/).
- [`stream_listen`](/gateway/configuration/#stream-listen), which is similar to `proxy_listen` but for Layer 4 (TCP, TLS)
  generic proxy. This is turned off by default.

{{site.base_gateway}} is a transparent proxy, and it defaults to forwarding the request to your upstream service untouched, with the exception of various headers such as `Connection`, `Date`, and others as required by the HTTP specifications.

## Proxying and upstream timeouts

You can configure the desired

> timeouts for the connection between {{site.base_gateway}} and a given [Upstream](/gateway/entities/upstream/), using the following properties of a [Gateway Service](/gateway/entities/service/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timeouts for the connection between {{site.base_gateway}} and a given [Upstream](/gateway/entities/upstream/) using the following properties of a [Gateway Service](/gateway/entities/service/):
```

  - header: "`X-Forwarded-Port: <port>`"
    description: |
      `<port>` is the port of the server which accepted a request.
      If `$realip_remote_addr` is one of the **trusted** addresses, the request header with the same name gets forwarded if provided. 
      Otherwise, the value of the `$server_port` variable provided by [`ngx_http_core_module`](https://nginx.org/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#var_server_port) will be used.
  - header: "`X-Forwarded-Prefix: <path>`"
    description:  |
      `<path>` is the path of the request which was accepted by {{site.base_gateway}}. 
      If `$realip_remote_addr` is one of the **trusted** addresses, the request header with the same name gets forwarded if provided. 
      Otherwise, the value of the `$request_uri` variable (with the query string stripped) provided by [`ngx_http_core_module`](https://nginx.org/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#var_server_port) will be used. 

>       **Note**: {{site.base_gateway}} returns `"/"` for an empty path, but it doesn't do any other normalization on the request path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      {:.info}
      > **Note**: {{site.base_gateway}} returns `"/"` for an empty path, but it doesn't do any other normalization on the request path.
```
This should work

  - header: All other headers
    description: Forwarded as-is by {{site.base_gateway}}.
{% endtable %}

> One exception to this is made when using the WebSocket protocol. {{site.base_gateway}}
> sets the following headers to allow for upgrading the protocol between the
> client and your upstream services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One exception to this is when you're using the WebSocket protocol,{{site.base_gateway}}
sets the following headers to allow for upgrading the protocol between the
client and your upstream services:
```

- `Connection: Upgrade`
- `Upgrade: websocket`

For more information, see the [Proxy WebSocket traffic](#proxy-websocket-traffic) section.

## Errors and retries

Whenever an error occurs during proxying, {{site.base_gateway}} uses the underlying
Nginx [retries](https://nginx.org/docs/http/ngx_http_proxy_module.html#proxy_next_upstream_tries) mechanism to pass the request on to
the next upstream.

There are two configurable elements:

1. The number of retries. This can be configured per Service using the [`retries`](/gateway/entities/service/#schema-service-retries) property.
1. What exactly constitutes an error. Here {{site.base_gateway}} uses the Nginx defaults, which means an error or timeout that occurs while establishing a connection with the server, passing a request to it, or reading the response headers. 
This is based on Nginx's [`proxy_next_upstream`](https://nginx.org/docs/http/ngx_http_proxy_module.html#proxy_next_upstream) directive. 
This option is not directly configurable through {{site.base_gateway}}, but can be added using a custom Nginx configuration. 

> See the [Nginx directives reference][/gateway/nginx-directives/] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Nginx directives reference](/gateway/nginx-directives/) for more details.
```

  - header: "`X-Kong-Upstream-Latency: <latency>`"
    description: "`latency` is the time, in milliseconds, that {{site.base_gateway}} was waiting for the first byte of the upstream service response."
{% endtable %}

Once the headers are sent to the client, {{site.base_gateway}} starts executing plugins for the Route or Service that implement the
`body_filter` hook. 
This hook may be called multiple times, due to the streaming nature of Nginx. 
Each chunk of the upstream response that is successfully processed by such `body_filter` hooks is sent back to the client.

## Proxy WebSocket traffic

{{site.base_gateway}} supports WebSocket traffic thanks to the underlying Nginx implementation.
When you want to establish a WebSocket connection between a client and your upstream services through {{site.base_gateway}}, you must establish a WebSocket handshake.
This is done via the HTTP Upgrade mechanism. 
This is what your client request made to {{site.base_gateway}} would look like:
```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Connection: Upgrade
Host: my-websocket-api.com
Upgrade: WebSocket
```

> This makes {{site.base_gateway}} forward the `Connection` and `Upgrade` headers to your upstream service, instead of dismissing them due to the hop-by-hop nature of a standard HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configures {{site.base_gateway}} to forward the `Connection` and `Upgrade` headers to your upstream service instead of dismissing them due to the hop-by-hop nature of a standard HTTP proxy.
```

### WebSocket and TLS

Regardless of which Service/Route protocols are in use (`http(s)` or `ws(s)`), {{site.base_gateway}} will accept plain and TLS WebSocket connections on its respective `http` and `https` ports. 
To enforce TLS connections from clients, set the `protocols` property of the [Route](/gateway/entities/route/) to `https` or `wss`
only.

When setting up the [Service](/gateway/entities/service/) to point to your upstream WebSocket service, you should carefully pick the protocol you want to use between {{site.base_gateway}} and the upstream service.

If you want to use TLS, your upstream WebSocket service must be defined using the `https` (or `wss`) protocol in the Gateway Service `protocol` property and the proper port (usually 443). 
To connect without TLS, then the `http` (or `ws`) protocol and port (usually 80) should be used in instead.

If you want {{site.base_gateway}} to terminate TLS, you can accept `https`/`wss` only from the client, but proxy to the upstream service over plain text (`http` or `ws`).

## Proxy gRPC traffic

gRPC proxying is natively supported in {{site.base_gateway}}. 

> In order to manage gRPC Services and proxy gRPC requests with {{site.base_gateway}}, create Services and Routes for your gRPC services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage gRPC Services and proxy gRPC requests with {{site.base_gateway}}, create Services and Routes for your gRPC services.
```

> Only observability and logging plugins are supported with gRPC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only observability and [logging](/plugins/?category=logging) plugins are supported with gRPC. 
```

> Plugins known to be supported with gRPC have `grpc` and `grpcs` in the list of compatible protocols. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins that support gRPC have `grpc` and `grpcs` in the list of compatible protocols. 
```

## Proxy TCP/TLS traffic

TCP and TLS proxying is natively supported in {{site.base_gateway}}.

In this mode, data of incoming connections reaching the [`stream_listen`](/gateway/configuration/#stream-listen) endpoints will be passed through to the upstream service. 
It's possible to terminate TLS connections from clients using this mode as well.

To use this mode, aside from defining `stream_listen`, you should create the appropriate Route/Service object with the `tcp` or `tls` protocol.

If you want to terminate TLS with {{site.base_gateway}}, the following conditions must be met:
1. The {{site.base_gateway}} port used by the TLS connection to must have the `ssl` flag enabled
1. A certificate/key that can be used for TLS termination must be present inside {{site.base_gateway}}, as shown in [TLS Route configuration](/gateway/entities/route/#tls-route-configuration)

{{site.base_gateway}} will use the connecting client's TLS SNI server name extension to find the appropriate TLS certificate to use.

On the Service side, depending on whether the connection between {{site.base_gateway}} and the upstream
service needs to be encrypted, you can set either the `tcp` or `tls` protocol.

> This means all of the below setup are supported in this mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the following setup is supported in this mode:
```
